Extract pasta_curves crate from halo2 crate (#3)
zcash/pasta_curves: book/src/design/implementation/fields.md

# Fields

The [Pasta curves](https://electriccoin.co/blog/the-pasta-curves-for-halo-2-and-beyond/)
are designed to be highly 2-adic, meaning that a large $2^S$

> [multiplicative subgroup](../../background/fields.md#multiplicative-subgroups) exists in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[multiplicative subgroup](https://zcash.github.io/halo2/background/fields.html#multiplicative-subgroups) exists in
```

each field. That is, we can write $p - 1 \equiv 2^S \cdot T$ with $T$ odd. For both Pallas
and Vesta, $S = 32$; this helps to simplify the field implementations.

## Sarkar square-root algorithm (table-based variant)

We use a technique from [Sarkar2020](https://eprint.iacr.org/2020/1407.pdf) to compute

> [square roots](../../background/fields.md#square-roots) in `pasta_curves`. The intuition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[square roots](https://zcash.github.io/halo2/background/fields.html#square-roots) in `pasta_curves`. The intuition
```

Reviewer: There's another broken link on line 18.
